reg-artifact-tags-rauc (#1995)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-docs-common/docs/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions/organization.mdx

<!-- BEGIN: TFC:only name:public-registry -->

### Assign project tags to modules and providers

Enable this setting to allow team members to attach existing project tags to modules and providers in the registry. Use these tags to organize registry artifacts. Refer to [Define project tags](/terraform/cloud-docs/projects/manage#define-project-tags) for more information.

### Assign reserved keys to module and provider versions

> Enable this setting to allow team members to assign reserved tag keys to module and provider versions in the registry. The  **Registry environment tag** option must be enabled on the reserved tag keys to attach them to registry artifact versions. Refer to [Control access to registry artifacts](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/organizations/manage-reserved-tags#control-access-to-registry-artifacts) for more information.

Reviewer: > Refer to [Control access to registry artifacts](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/organizations/manage-reserved-tags#control-access-to-registry-artifacts)

Since this portion is now commented out, we might need to fix this link

> These tags only apply to registry artifact versions, such as the specific version of a module or provider, projects, and workspaces. Refer to [Create and manage reserved tag keys](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/organizations/manage-reserved-tags) for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
Reserved keys apply to projects, workspaces, and registry artifact versions, such as the specific version of a module or provider. Refer to [Create and manage reserved tag keys](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/organizations/manage-reserved-tags) for more information.
```
Good catch. I think this is clearer?

<!-- BEGIN: TFC:only name:public-registry -->

### Assign project tags to modules and providers

Enable this setting to allow team members to attach existing project tags to modules and providers in the registry. Use these tags to organize registry artifacts. Refer to [Define project tags](/terraform/cloud-docs/projects/manage#define-project-tags) for more information.

### Assign reserved keys to module and provider versions

Enable this setting to allow team members to assign reserved tag keys to module and provider versions in the registry. The  **Registry environment tag** option must be enabled on the reserved tag keys to attach them to registry artifact versions. Refer to [Control access to registry artifacts](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/organizations/manage-reserved-tags#control-access-to-registry-artifacts) for more information. 

These tags only apply to registry artifact versions, such as the specific version of a module or provider, projects, and workspaces. Refer to [Create and manage reserved tag keys](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/organizations/manage-reserved-tags) for more information.

> Use these tags to gate access to modules and providers based on tag. Refer to [Use artifacts from the registry](/terraform/cloud-docs/registry/using#find-artifacts) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use these tags to gate access to module and provider versions based on tag. Refer to [Use artifacts from the registry](/terraform/cloud-docs/registry/using#find-artifacts) for more information.
```
